feature: Python Hello World (#115)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Samples: python/hello-world/README.md

# A Python Hello World on ArmoniK

## Description

> This project contains a worker and a client for interacting with ArmoniK's Control Plane. The worker processes tasks sent by the Agent, transforming input data and sending results back to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains a worker and a client to interact with ArmoniK's Control Plane. The worker processes tasks sent by the Agent, transforming input data and sending results back to it.
```
